### Protea and ClimateVoice

* websites https://climatevoice.org/beta/ http://start.protea.earth/
* contact Jim Schwoebel <jim.schwoebel@gmail.com>

Billy had a chat with Jim on 19th of Feb after reaching out for getting more insights on Protea. Protea is a social network platform that was launched by Jim last year and Jim has been active on the platform since they organised a offline climathon in the bay area. Protea provides a platform where people can share what they are doing fighting climate change either by lowering their own carbon footprints or participating in other intiatives. Users can share images/videos/voice clips on the web or app portal. There is a potential collaboration to be made to distill some learnings from Protea by analysing usage data of the platform. There is another potential collaboration where we can help build some ML funcitonalities into the platform for example by recommending activities for people to do that can lower their carbon footprint. A couple observations made by Jim are: it is really hard to change human behaviour but he was quite surprised that he has been using the app for 6 months now (don't know about anyone else. He also thinks it is not enough to have a purely online community, there needs to be regular off-line meetup to generate momentum. For example, he hosted the first climathon in San Francisco area where the uptake of the app increased dramatically over the weekend but you can imagine the user churn is quite bad. Billy's sense that if we are going to build something similar, we shouldn't reinvent the wheel but rather build on top of what Jim already built.

Jim is also running ClimateVoice which he thinks can have far greater impact which allows individuals to get together to exert pressure to government, public sector and private sector at large. This involves voice technology and Jim has invited Billy and the communtiy to participate too.
